README.md, before:

# Regex Tutorial
  
## Description:


## User Story
```md
AS A web development student
I WANT a tutorial explaining a specific regex
SO THAT I can understand the search pattern the regex defines
```

## Table of Contents:
- [Overview](#Overview)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions) 
- [Usage Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Walkthrough Video](#walkthrough-video)
- [Credits](#credits)  

# Overview

## Acceptance Criteria
```md
GIVEN a regex tutorial
WHEN I open the tutorial
THEN I see a descriptive title and introductory paragraph explaining the purpose of the tutorial, a summary describing the regex featured in the tutorial, a table of contents linking to different sections that break down each component of the regex and explain what it does, and a section about the author with a link to the author’s GitHub profile
WHEN I click on the links in the table of contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding sections of the tutorial
WHEN I read through each section of the tutorial
THEN I find a detailed explanation of what a specific component of the regex does
WHEN I reach the end of the tutorial
THEN I find a section about the author and a link to the author’s GitHub profile
```

## Installation
Git clone Repository: [SQL EMPLOYEE TRACKER](https://github.com/RyanSKang/SQL-Employee-Tracker)  
Following Installation Needed:  
    -Node.js [v16.16.0](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v16.16.0)  
    -mySQL2 [v3.4.3](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2)  
    -Inquirer [v8.2.4](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer/v/8.2.4#installation)  

## Usage Instructions
 

## Screenshots


## Credits
[Power of Regular Expression](https://www.hallme.com/blog/the-power-of-regular-expressions/)  
[Lookaround](https://www.regular-expressions.info/lookaround.html)  
[Boundaries](https://www.regular-expressions.info/wordboundaries.html)  
[Cheat Sheet](https://www.rexegg.com/regex-quickstart.html)  
[Coding Bootcamp](https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/computer-science/regex-tutorial)

Commit message:

finished readme and gist.md

README.md, after:

# Regex Tutorial
  
## Description:
The Regex I will be focusing on are Emails. I will be breaking down an Email Regex based on the Table of Contents in order describe the purpose and which part of the code pertains to each topic. 

## User Story
```md
AS A web development student
I WANT a tutorial explaining a specific regex
SO THAT I can understand the search pattern the regex defines
```

## Table of Contents:
- [Overview](#Overview)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions) 
- [Usage Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Credits](#credits)  

# Overview

## Acceptance Criteria
```md
GIVEN a regex tutorial
WHEN I open the tutorial
THEN I see a descriptive title and introductory paragraph explaining the purpose of the tutorial, a summary describing the regex featured in the tutorial, a table of contents linking to different sections that break down each component of the regex and explain what it does, and a section about the author with a link to the author’s GitHub profile
WHEN I click on the links in the table of contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding sections of the tutorial
WHEN I read through each section of the tutorial
THEN I find a detailed explanation of what a specific component of the regex does
WHEN I reach the end of the tutorial
THEN I find a section about the author and a link to the author’s GitHub profile
```

## Installation
- Git clone Repository: [regex-tutorial](https://github.com/RyanSKang/regex-tutorial)    
- Open gist.md: [regex-tutoral gist rendered](https://gist.github.com/RyanSKang/c9335294d3874756133740c31d85dfc2)

## Usage Instructions
 -Follow along the gist.md to get an explanation of regex: Matching an email

## Screenshots
-N/A

## Credits
[Power of Regular Expression](https://www.hallme.com/blog/the-power-of-regular-expressions/)  
[Lookaround](https://www.regular-expressions.info/lookaround.html)  
[Boundaries](https://www.regular-expressions.info/wordboundaries.html)  
[Cheat Sheet](https://www.rexegg.com/regex-quickstart.html)  
[Coding Bootcamp](https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/computer-science/regex-tutorial)
